Hey brother, what is the light today?
Went to Huayue in the morning and met Xinyan.
Ah, what then? She got married, you know?
Ah, you know, why did she go to work today?
What's the matter with me? Stop fighting,
Look at Moments. her ladyship,
I didn't expect that you and his wife would like her so much.
She asked what did you say, her?
She said, thank you for taking care of her before,
Accompany her to the library in the evening to celebrate her birthday and so on.
Nothing about high school
They didn't know each other in high school
That's secret love
He won't be in high school
How is it possible?
Don't look at me like that
What kind of love are you willing to give your partner?
But now he is right
You told me before
the person you like
You are not young anymore
My wife just talked about it this morning
Let's send someone to bury him in the afternoon.
How does this seem to be?
Are you still emotionally stable?
I'm still looking everywhere for the main treasure, but I can't find it.
Let him find it
His father is not the only son
Do you think the Zhou family would think he is crazy?
I feel like he should be able to take a break this time, what do you think?
When Xie Yanli was in high school